[Docs] Adds release notes for 9.0.5 (#231117)
elastic/kibana: docs/release-notes/index.md

* Adjusts the `z-index` of the app menu header to not conflict with the Persistent Console [#224708]({{kib-pull}}224708).
* Fixes an issue preventing solution navigation submenu items from being displayed when the navigation is collapsed [#227705]({{kib-pull}}227705).

## 9.0.5 [kibana-9.0.5-release-notes]

### Features and enhancements [kibana-9.0.5-features-enhancements]

**Dashboards and Visualizations**:
* Improves usability of dashboards when zooming up to 400% [#228978]({{kib-pull}}228978).

### Fixes [kibana-9.0.5-fixes]

**Dashboards and Visualizations**:
* Fixes an issue with the plus sign `+` not being properly encoded when it's part of a date math expression [#230469]({{kib-pull}}230469).
* Fixes an issue in Firefox preventing from scrolling in the Lens editor flyout [#228625]({{kib-pull}}228625).

> * Fixes an issue preventing from saving linked TSVB visualizations when changing data view [#228685]({{kib-pull}}228685).

Reviewer: Most of these are in present tense, so I figured active+present tense was the way to go. Either works imo tho 🫡

> * Fixes an issue preventing from saving linked TSVB visualizations when changing data view [#228685]({{kib-pull}}228685).

Reviewer 2: sgtm!

* Fixes agentless integrations using 'organization', 'division', or 'team' data fields being overwritten by package agentless metadata on the agent policy [#230479]({{kib-pull}}230479).
* Adds `azure-blob-storage` and `gcs` inputs to the AGENTLESS_DISABLED_INPUTS list [#229117]({{kib-pull}}229117).

**Discover**:
* Improves performance of breakdown field search [#229335]({{kib-pull}}229335).
* Enables the **Save query** button after making changes [#229053]({{kib-pull}}229053).
* Fixes the field being picked for fetching stats in the sidebar popover [#228969]({{kib-pull}}228969).
* Fixes an issue where some Discover **Copy to clipboard** actions only worked when accessing Kibana in a secure browser context [#229531]({{kib-pull}}229531).
* Fixes the handling of the **Body cell lines** display option in Discover when the default value is set to `-1` in Advanced Settings [#228697]({{kib-pull}}228697). 

**Elastic Observability solution**:
For the Elastic Observability 9.0.5 release information, refer to [Elastic Observability Solution Release Notes](docs-content://release-notes/elastic-observability/index.md).

**Elastic Security solution**:

> For the Elastic Security 8.18.5 release information, refer to [Elastic Security Solution Release Notes](docs-content://release-notes/elastic-security/index.md).

Author: ```suggestion
For the Elastic Security 9.0.5 release information, refer to [Elastic Security Solution Release Notes](docs-content://release-notes/elastic-security/index.md).
```
